Sisig
Learn how to cook sizzling pork sisig. Elevate this favorite Filipino dish with Lady's Choice Real Mayonnaise. Try this easy-to-prepare recipe now.
Ingredients
4
500 grams pig's mask or pork belly (trim excess fat if preferred), boiled in water with black peppercorns, bay leaf, onion and garlic until tender, drained
as needed fish sauce and black pepper
as needed canola oil
1 pc red onion, chopped
1 (1-inch) pc ginger, chopped
1/4 cup chicken liver, chopped (optional)
1 pc green chilli, sliced
as needed bird's eye chilli, sliced
as needed Knorr Liquid Seasoning
5 tbsps Lady's Choice real mayonnaise
3 pcs calamansi

Cooking Method

Season boiled meats then grill or cook in a 375F oven until crispy. Chop into small cubes.
In pan, sauté onion and ginger. Add chicken liver and sauté until cooked. Add the chopped meats, and chilies. Season with Knorr Liquid Seasoning according to taste.
Off the heat, add Lady’s Choice Real Mayonnaise and mix well. Serve hot with calamansi.

Lumpia
Just how good are crispy lumpiang shanghai rolls made with Lady’s Choice Mayonnaise? Check this recipe and those eager, excited faces should tell you!

Ingredients
3
1/2 kilogram ground pork
1/2 cup singkamas, finely chopped
1/4 cup carrots, finely chopped
1/4 cup green onions, finely chopped
1/8 cup celery (equiv. to 2 Tbsp)
1 tbsp oyster sauce
1/2 tsp ground pepper
2 tsps sesame oil
3 tbsps Lady's Choice mayonnaise
lumpia wrappers
cooking oil for deep frying

Cooking Method
Combine ground pork, singkamas, carrots, green onions   and celery in a medium bowl. Then, add oyster sauce, salt   and pepper, sesame oil and 3 Tbsp of Lady’s Choice  Mayonnaise; mix well.
Spoon about 1 tablespoon of the mixture into each lumpia   wrapper. Roll tightly. Seal ends of the wrapper with water.
Deep fry until golden brown. Serve hot.

pancit

This pancit recipe is a flavor sensation — and it comes together in just half an hour!
Pancit is a Filipino dish. There are many different types of pancit, but it always features rice noodles and vegetables (and often meat, such as pork or chicken). 

cooking method

Soften the rice noodles.
Cook the onions and garlic in oil, then add the remaining ingredients. 
Cook until the cabbage is soft, then stir in the softened noodles. 
Garnish with lemon wedges. 

1 (12 ounce) package dried rice noodles

1 teaspoon vegetable oil

1 onion, finely diced

3 cloves garlic, minced

2 cups diced cooked chicken breast meat

1 small head cabbage, thinly sliced

4 carrot, thinly sliced

¼ cup soy sauce

2 lemons - cut into wedges, for garnish



step
Gather all ingredients.

all ingredients gathered to make easy pancit
DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Place rice noodles in a large bowl; cover with warm water and let soften for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and set aside.

rice noodles draining after soaking in warm water 
DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Meanwhile, heat oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-low heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in chicken, cabbage, carrots, and soy sauce. Cook until cabbage begins to soften.

ingredients added to skillet and mixed together
DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Toss in noodles and cook, stirring constantly, until heated through.

noodles added to skillet, stirring constantly.
DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Transfer pancit to a serving dish and garnish with lemon wedges.

Roasted Chicken

This roasted chicken is perfectly seasoned and just like the way my grandmother used to make it. The method used in this recipe results in the juiciest chicken! We loved to nibble on the celery after it was cooked.


engridients
These are the ingredients you'll need to make the juiciest roast chicken recipe of your life:

Chicken: This recipe starts with a 3-pound whole chicken. If your bird is larger or smaller, you'll need to adjust the recipe.
Seasonings: This roasted chicken is simply seasoned with salt, black pepper, and onion powder.
Butter: Butter locks in moisture and gives the seasonings something to adhere to.
Celery: Stuff the chicken cavity with celery for subtle vegetal flavor. Plus, the celery will release even more moisture as the chicken cooks.

1 (3 pound) whole chicken, giblets removed

salt and black pepper to taste

1 tablespoon onion powder, or to taste

½ cup butter

1 stalk celery, leaves removed

Directions
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).

Place chicken in a roasting pan; season generously inside and out with onion powder, salt, and pepper. Place 3 tablespoons of butter in chicken cavity; arrange dollops of remaining butter on the outside of chicken. Cut celery into 3 or 4 pieces; place in the chicken cavity.

Bake chicken uncovered in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Remove from the oven and baste with drippings. Cover with aluminum foil and allow to rest for about 30 minutes before serving.

